11/1/2022 Meeting 1






OPENING DISCUSSION:
Discussed website idea of eazyvote a website to help users find nearest polling locations for upcoming elections.
Showed what was created so far including frontend of website and api test runs.
Said what we have implemented so far and what we are going to implement including HTML page, API, and Hash that we are using for passwords and addresses.
Talked about our use of Google API in our website.


TO DO ASAP: 
push into the milestone folder: google doc from last week's recitation and project code up to this point.
Create issues on individual branches.
Submit release notes by Thursday along with push.
Reorganize the directory to match the file directories given so it is easier to read and understand.
Reread directions on the project page for what is required as well as things to add to better our website.
Finish list notes.


GOALS FOR TUESDAY MEETING (11/8/22): 
Get project functional (doesn’t have to be perfect but have main functionality working).
divide up work into groups of two or individuals (will be decided at our thursday group meeting) and begin working on assignments.


FUTURE GOALS:
Work on the index file and think of more ideas to implement if there is time.
Bring all of the aspects of our project together to create one functional website.


REMINDERS: 
Push commits 3 times a week. 
Use different branches for each issue
Make sure to read directions on the project page for whatever aspect we are working on.



MEETING 2 11/08

To Do:
Release Notes
Complete plan for next week
Work Tracker updates


Work Tracker:
Zahir Nieblas Bedolla:
-Work description
  backend calls to google civic api
  docker yalm file setup
  package.json file setup for npm install
  create.sql for docker to create postgres table
  insert.sql for test case inserts
  views to render frontend pages
  api calls with parameters
  fixed api call due to elections ending
  corrected db query for api call param
  table path and frontend table view results from api call
  sign in setup to match username & password
  modified logout to destroy session & log user out successfully
  setup hash password when registering and matching with sign in password
  only signed in users can view wciv page
  fixed easyvote navbar bug that would take you to a duplicate sign in page, now redirects to wciv if logged in, if not logged in takes you to login page
  small sql table bug fix where table would create unecessary space for password characters
  
-Number of commits
  13

Matthew:
-Work description
 Updated README.md file twice.
 Release notes
 Working on sign-in page connection to backend sql.
 
-Number of commits
5

Jason:
-Work description

-Number of commits

Tome:
-Work description
Front-end debugging

-Number of commits
6 this week, 16 total

Josh:
-Work description

-Number of commits

Plan for this week:
Complete back-end integration for api calls
complete sign in for users
-complete front-end styling *front end css not loading css & js


Plan for next week:
complete application features such as:
  login, register, address civics lookup for polling places
test application features
test inputs for account registration and sign in.





MEETING 3 11/15

To-Do:
  Email professor with screenshot of VoterInfoQuery no longer working.
  Hard-code election-id, email professor and tell him that we spoke to Nathan.
  We must merge all branches and delete them by the end of the week. 
  Make issues for remaining bugs
  Make issue for settings page, assign to Jason
  Table for poll data. If time permits, do cards instead of poll data because it looks fancier for presentation.
  Go through project guide for all team members, once back from fall break, testing can be done for the first 3 days
  Book slots for presentation in recitation
  Update meeting minutes
  Another meeting during recitation this week, extra credit / work time

Goals for this week:
  Finish up project
  Start testing process
  Make website look nicer and more presentable

Misc:
  We have no contact with Josh
  VoterInfoQuery was working before elections, all we needed was address, now it is electionUnknown.

Work Tracker:
  Zahir
    34 commits
    Getting API call to work, login page
  Matthew
    8 commits
    Adding sign-in functionality
    Housekeeping w/ releasenotes and meetingnotes
  Jason
    7 commits
    Working on settings, settings_address, and settings_password
  Tome
    14 commits
    Polls page frontend, Login page frontend
	

